Hello!

My name is Van Duong. I was born in Vietnam, but I grew up in Minnesota in the United States of America. I am very elated to be able to say that I am a first-generation high school graduate, first-generation college graduate, and the first person in my family to attend graduate school.

I graduated with my Mathematics Bachelor of Science and Computer Science Minor at the University of Minnesota Twin-Cities during May 2019. I was fortunate enough to have been given the opportunity to be involved in many internships during my undergrad time (Delta Air Lines, Minnesota Traffic Observatory, and multiple NASA centers - all of these further described in the Work Experience tab) and took on leadership roles in many different organizations (Engineers Without Borders, Fairview Ridges Hospital Volunteering, Target Headquarters). As an immigrant and first-generation college student, I value creating resources to pass on knowledge that I have learned to undersupported minority groups. During my four years at the University of Minnesota, I worked closely with Multicultural Center of Academic Achievement advisor Bruce Yang to create and lead a group of seventy first-generation students through cultural hardships and encourage them to pursue research opportunities and provide them resources to seek higher education.

I also spent some time as an engineering exchange student at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in 2018, where I got the change to travel around Southeastern Asia. The fact that my life was changed by war and seeing first-hand how Cambodia, Vietnam, and many of our third-world countries still remain drastically damaged from war and injustice that happened decades ago is one of the biggest motivators in my life to serve our nation and the people in it.

I am currently a first-year Electrical and Computer Engineering Masters student at Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech). My thesis project focuses on robots for planetary exploration and is a collaboration with NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory advised under Dr. Matthew Gombolay of Georgia Tech. I want to be able to have a bigger impact in this world and to do so, I need to gain the skills and education that will allow me to create intelligent systems that will help us better understand the universe we are in and have the opportunity to take this knowledge and grow from it. In addition to my thesis work, I am also a graduate research assistant at the Cognitive Optimization and Relational (CORE) Robotics Laboratory. 

If you have any questions at all, please feel free to reach out to me via email (van.ai.duong@gmail.com).


